Mr. Kawai also received various information
I thought about things and felt various things, but I think
Also we do I not also oriented to'll speak toward the microphone thing
Kawai I think that I really have had a long and long relationship with Senna .
A word of a word
I talked to you, though
I would say he did not show me until now
that
End Lee
And I want a great monitor thank showed me to us
It's a lie
After the accident of Rattsuenbaga especially Ya of function
Senna is pretty
It's had become nervous
That's right-
Looking at his complexion
You now what Kaguro 1
Small accessories
I was a little hesitant, but I also showed the expression, but on the grid
But because he chooses them
It is the translation that I chose, but as a result I end up with such a result.
Well what I was me really giving up that he has it now in our
Just thank for this and that already
Al is Umer
If I face the line in peace I
I think it's okay with water , but we only have to paint it
I'm sorry I'm sorry that I was really upset by this one
We thought that
Mr. Imamiya's composition ratio that Senna really left
Also just now everyone and that also led from now Kawai's
You said, but again this is not the only one
I felt that I felt something for the first time I tried to lose him now, the size of what Senna left
I do not
Still
I do not believe Nee
Well from now
After all the next people are yes
To the island leader
I think I want to go too hard
Yes
that is
for the i don system
Biggest
Can be said
I think it
Japanese fans also have this TV in line
I think many do think of Irassharu which was a logarithmic thought to rounding
As a matter of fact, we must also accept it, and the thought for the generation
Next in Brazil or zeebra may be dead white
That's why Japanese fans were so passionate about Ayrton Senna
That 7 f 9
By all means everyone's also I would like to ride in front of the TV
Alton cellar has gone away like this
Again this is Imura Circuit
During the commercials, we also want to relive our feelings and still tell
But I think
I do not know what good is fired How so
Here is another canceller
That
While talking with you in various ways
I would like to have a high time while remembering Senna
Mr. Imamiya is first and foremost Senna and yes
I When is say standing there
Just my mother and I hope his own scrap
On a Japanese card
I'm Khan
From the fact that
I that aim with no reduction
Ayrton Senna March 21, 1960
Born in Sao Paulo, Brazil
Know the joy of running cart can choose it was of Korogu force of 4-year-old
Sena's race life begins here
first victory in the out Porto f 1 debut 85 years rain in the eu year Paul Mann
We win the year and appear as an f 1 driver as soon as possible
17 Toshion'na engine Satoru Nakajima and partners much in thrown-in Lotus
This year women's Grand Prix to be called impressive first win women's Meister
f We ran up to the star dam of Ankai
There is a sound
Together from
16 f 88 years McLaren and Honda Choin and Alan Prost and ramie the mother toner
Chu
The golden age has come
And won the World title Suzuka Re hair of this year
Hmm
rar
Box 1
This is
'91 Senna wanted to win by all means
First victory of a desire in home country Brazil
All in S サ ン パ ウ ロ o Paulo got drunk with the delicacy of victory
Young genius will request that always wind and becomes high-rise chic was Senna driver
Ayton Senna, the sound velocity of May 1, 1994
I'm a sister , I'm in the sky
Say one of the long but driver to look back on the life there was a short time also in much the haste with
I made it-it was a miracle